# CS-360
Mobile Architect &amp; Programming

The requirements of my app were to store inventory items and be able to update and display them along with storing log in information to the app. The goals were to make the app as user friendly as I could where the process of adding and removing and viewing inventory was easy to do. 

The screens necessary for my app to work were a log in screen a screen to view inventory and a screen to add new users and a screen to update inventory. 
With my design I included a screen to search inventory by matching criteria and a screen to view all inventory. Along with a separate screen which the user can add remove and update the inventory from. The app also has an admin screen which is used to update user log in information.  My UI designs keep the user in mind because I think as long as the user is able to ready they will understand how to use the app. I think my design is successful because I made it as easy to navigate to the needed screen in the app as possible and didn’t add anything to the app that I thought was unnecessary. 

The strategies I used in coding the app were to first get all the screens laid out the way I wanted them and worked on connecting all the screens together so they all have their place in navigating through the app then last I worked on the code to make each screen function as intended one screen at a time. I think this could be applied to any program in the future. Once the foundation of the app was created it seemed to be easier to continue working one the parts that were still incomplete until they were finished and working properly. 

To test my app I manually tested each screen and button to make sure it was working as intended. This process is important because to truly know the app was working as intended it it needs to be tested. During my testing process I found hidden problems that needed corrected and also helped me make decisions on things I wanted to change to improve the app. When I was testing the app manually that Is how I tested the code. I did not preform any unit tests but everything that I had used a logical statement I tested it manually to make sure it was working as intended. There were some minor errors I had found that needed to be corrected that were found because the app wasn’t doing what I wanted it to when I tested it manually.

To overcome challenges I had creating this app I pretty much just made a note of what needed corrected and returned to them later. One of the problems was the scroll functionality of my tables. They worked correctly but on the search screen the buttons would move up into the view when the keyboard was opened. At first I thought I would just leave the scroll view off on this screen but then I felt like it needed to be on. To correct this I had to code into the java file to prevent the buttons from moving. On my other screens this was not an issue because they did not need to open the keyboard. 

I think the storing and accessing of the data was the most important part of this app. By allowing the location to be the primary key did make it more challenging than having the item be the primary key but I feel like that demonstrates my experience with working in a warehouse which is what the intended use of this app is for. The main thing here is that only one item should be stored in each location but each item needs to be able to be stored in more than one location. 
